Alternate mrw proxy (#45715)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/core/System.ClientModel/samples/ModelReaderWriter.md

      ""z"": 3
    }";
OutputModel? model = JsonSerializer.Deserialize<OutputModel>(json, options);
```

## Using a Proxy

In more advanced scenarios a library user might want to override the behavior of how a model is read or written.

> In this case you can implement your own class which implements the same `IPersistableModel<T>` or `IJsonModel<T>` and register it with the `ModelReaderWriterOptions`.

Reviewer: > the same `IPersistableModel<T>` or `IJsonModel<T>`

this is a little unclear -- would it be possible ground this in an example?  e.g. something like -- "for example, to add a proxy for a model `InputModel` that implements `IJsonModel<InputModel>`, you would add a type such as `InputModelProxy` that also implements `IJsonModel<InputModel>`.  This clarifies a bit what "the same `IJsonModel<T>` means.

> The example below shows how to write a persitable model using a proxy to `BinaryData`

Reviewer: Did you mean "read" here?

```suggestion
The example below shows how to read a persistable model using a proxy to `BinaryData`
```

```C# Snippet:Readme_Read_Proxy
string json = @"{
      ""x"": 1,
      ""y"": 2,
      ""z"": 3
    }";

ModelReaderWriterOptions options = new ModelReaderWriterOptions("W");
options.AddProxy(new OutputModelProxy());

OutputModel? model = ModelReaderWriter.Read<OutputModel>(BinaryData.FromString(json), options);
```

> The example below shows how to read JSON to create a strongly-typed model instance using a proxy.

Reviewer: Did you mean "write" here?

```suggestion
The example below shows how to write JSON to create request content from a strongly-typed model using a proxy.
```

      ""z"": 3
    }";
OutputModel? model = JsonSerializer.Deserialize<OutputModel>(json, options);
```

## Using a Proxy

In more advanced scenarios a library user might want to override the behavior of how a model is read or written.

> In this case you can implement your own class which implements the same interface, either `IPersistableModel<T>` or `IJsonModel<T>`, and register it with the `ModelReaderWriterOptions`.

Reviewer: Would it be possible to call out the difference between the new proxy feature and `[PersistableModelProxy]` here?  I expect the reuse of that name to be confusing to customers so it would be nice to provide reference materials to help them understand.

Using a proxy with the following definition

```C# Snippet:Readme_Read_Proxy_ClassStub
public class OutputModelProxy : IJsonModel<OutputModel>
```

The example below shows how to read JSON to create a strongly-typed model instance using a proxy.

```C# Snippet:Readme_Read_Proxy
string json = @"{
      ""x"": 1,
      ""y"": 2,
      ""z"": 3
    }";

ModelReaderWriterOptions options = new ModelReaderWriterOptions("W");
options.AddProxy(new OutputModelProxy());

OutputModel? model = ModelReaderWriter.Read<OutputModel>(BinaryData.FromString(json), options);

> ```

Reviewer: It might be helpful to add a final line here (and below) to illustrate the difference that was achieved by using the proxy instead of the model for reading the content.  What happened that was different?  This will help ground the example for readers.
